
Task 5.2
In this task Tp increases for each cycle, i.e. the particles get an increasing amount of time to perform
random walk. An important thing to notice is also that the system is reset for every new Tp. Hence for the first few Tp's 
one can expect that there won't be much movement as the particles haven't had time to spread out whilst they were in V2. When
they later arrive in V1 they will be close to the minima in 0 and 90 and one cannot expect a net current in any particular
direction, as they will cancel out. As Tp's value increases the particles get more spread out during their time in V2 and
as the alpha used here is equal to 0.8 a great proportion of the particles will have a higher probability of moving to the left. 
This will be explained in greater detail in the discussion involving task 5.3. As a consequence of this, one would expect 
the average current to become increasingly negative as Tp's value gets bigger.
The graph obtained in 5.2 shows that as Tp gets bigger the net current becomes somewhat more negative, i.e more particles 
move to the left, but the tendency is not as clear as one might have expected. Also it is not quite clear why in the beginning the
average current increases dramatically from the value of -0.05 to approximately 0.00. 


Task 5.3

As alpha defines the x-positions of the sawtooth wave's maxima, and alpha 
is defined in the interval 0 to 1, one can agree that 0.5 must give a symmetric potential.
This meaning that the sawtooth wave is just as steep, on either side of the maxima.
Furthermore, for an alpha equal to 0.2 the sawtooth wave will be steeper on the left 
side of the maxima, compared to the right side. Therefore when the particles arrive at the 
sawtooth wave after being in potential V2 a greater proportion will arrive at the right side
of the two maxima and as time goes on and the particles go through the random walk, the particles on the right
side of the maxima will move towards the minima, i.e. right. The same argument holds for an alpha greater than 0.5,
only in this case the sawtooth wave will be steeper on the right side and the particles will hence tend to move left rather
than right. 
To summarize this, as alpha inreases from 0 to 1, the particles will have a higher probability of moving
to the right for alpha less than 0.5, then around alpha equal to 0.5 the particles will
have a high probability of staying put and in the end between 0.5 to 1 they will have a high 
probability of moving to the left. 
One can see this clearly in the graph obtained in task 5.3. As alpha increases from approximately 0.0 to 0.04, 
the average current decreases from approximately 0.04 to 0.00. This is equivalent with the fact that the particles
are moving less and less to the right, during this interval. One can also see that the graph flattens out around 0.5 
with an average current around 0.0. At last, as alpha increases to 1 the graph again becomes more steep and the average current
now becomes increasingly negative.    